hey, the mukokel news continues, it's
true, Yan Try it, come here then
hey, then why does he want to kill himself?
will tell the story of an old
Indonesian film entitled Earth Round
Round which was released in 1983.
This film was played by the icon of Out
Indonesia, namely Eva Arnaz and also
Meriam Bellina and the male lead
played by Al-Anwari. This film
tells the story of a
young entrepreneur who is frustrated.  because
his fiance had an affair with his own uncle the
man wanted to take revenge
by playing a woman and
finally he met a
beautiful woman who finally made him
fall in love again for the full story
, let's just watch the video.
Simpson who is a
young entrepreneur who comes from
abaya He just arrived in Jakarta
then he immediately took a taxi
to go somewhere the taxi driver
asked Simpson where he was
going but while crying Simpson
replied "It's up to you sir" The
driver was confused about where he should go
but he kept pushing the gas  in order to
keep getting followers on the way
Mr. driver Who was curious about why Simpson was
crying Asked him and then
Simpson replied that he was frustrated
because his girlfriend had an affair with
his uncle for seven
days in Jakarta Simpson did not accept
that he was cheated on by his fiancé
because according to him an affair
can only be done by one person  He also
wanted to take revenge on his fiancée
by having an affair with
Simpson then Simpson asked the driver if
he knew the place for ena.ena the
driver actually knew the
place Simpson was referring to but he didn't dare
tell Simpson because he was afraid of sin.
uh, that's why the driver then
simson to his friend finally the driver's friend
took Simpson to a
plus-plus boarding house that could
provide women for Simpson
Simpson arrived at a
very large house and there he was greeted by
a voluptuous woman named
Inem through  told Simpson to go
inside then the owner of the
house named Seto Seto came to scold
Inem who was dressed very
sexy then suddenly hit the wall
until he fainted one then asked
Simpson for help to lift Inem
inside there were many women who came down to
greet Simpson's arrival  at the house
the driver's license was transferred to a
woman named Hedi who was
bathing in Batam then
a female hotel security guard named
rubianti entered the bathroom and it was discovered that
Hedi was Simpson's fiancé,
which Simpson told the taxi driver earlier
Hedi told rubiyanti
about himself  accused  by
Simpson had an affair with
his own uncle and
then asked rubiyanti to
look for Simpson throughout the city of Jakarta
because he got information that
Simpson was already in Jakarta and
Simpson said that he was going to kill
himself. Shin returned to
Seto's brothel where at that time Seto said to
Simpson that  his boarding house was full
and there was only a warehouse room
that might be occupied by Simpson
if he wanted to live there Simpson
did not mind it
then he asked the help of the women
to help him turn the
warehouse into his room and
happily the flirtatious women
do what
Simpson asked then the scene changes again to
a woman named Yen who
at that time was talking on the
phone with Seto Seto said
that there was a handsome man who
came to live in his boarding house,
setu also told him that Simpson wanted to
kill himself because  na was cheated on by
his girlfriend then Seto also asked permission
to come to his house because Simpson
asked for services from seven women
but in the house there were only
six women including himself
hearing the story from Seto Yen
could only laugh and he didn't promise to
be able to come to Seto's house that night
Simpson went to a party in the 80's
to relieve his fatigue because at
that time Simpson was shaken from
drinking soft drinks he imagined
that the woman who was singing on
stage was Hedi because he was
getting very dizzy Simpson finally
left the party again-  again he was
hallucinating when he met
Hedi and then he vented his emotions to
Hedi at that place it turned out that the woman
he thought was editing was Gresik, one
of the women in Seto Gresik's boarding house
took Simpson to his room and they
both slept in the same room the
next day Simpson invited
one  boarding woman named Windy to
date with  only at a restaurant
at that time there was an accident
where the waiter accidentally made
Simpson fall and people who
wanted to wake Simpson even
stepped on his foot to make
Simpson's leg injured that night Windy Still
with Simpson in a hotel
that night met aliens in
where it turns out that this Windy is a friend
of n Windy then introduces him
to Simpson and it seems that Simpson
fell in love with Ian after seeing this
beauty mp3 and also staying at
the same hotel as them but he
said that tomorrow he will move to
another hotel called Hotel Orchid the
next day  the day as
said yesterday he went to the Orchid Hotel and
met rubiyanti who turned out to be
acquainted with it, it turned out that the land crocodile
Simpson had also booked a room at the
hotel and without knowing it
Simpson booked a room which
was next to his fiancee's room
at the Simpson Hotel swimming pool.
ha  The maid who was reading a
book by the pool there was
daydreaming and she remembered the
information she received from Seto that Simpson
wanted to kill himself because he was being cheated on by
his fiancé but Based on observations
in Simpson did not have the characteristics
to commit suicide Ian like observing
something from  Simpson's self but on the other hand
Simpson's side was also daydreaming and
thinking about lewd things about ina2
Gan moved to Hedi's room Where at
that time rubianti invited Hedi to
swim when they were about to change clothes
suddenly came to rubiyanti's mind
to ask if Edi had really
been  playing with his own uncle
Hedi did not deny it and he
admitted that he had played
five times with his uncle at first
rubiyanti was surprised to hear this but
Hedi reiterated that he
meant playing tennis, not
playing with a boost.
Simpson  and
himself because when Simpson called him, it
happened that the one who picked up the phone was the
bomb and the baboon said that
Hedi was playing with Simpson's uncle,
so he misunderstood because he thought that when he
finished he was steady with his
own uncle, the scene moved to yesterday
where he was calling Seto from
their conversation, it was known that
actually he was doing a
research on mashers for
his final study assignment Seto told ion
to disguise himself as a
call woman so he could get closer
to Simpson and get
more information from him then he
followed what Seto suggested
he called Simpson in his room and
told him to come to room 321
without thinking Simpson
went straight to his room in6 Untold he was in the
wrong room and stupidly again he even
bothered the couple in the room
Hey finally he got slapped by the
couple and he bounced off
to Rien Simps' room  on passed out and then he
called the doctor to treat Simpson
short story short simson was taken to
his room with a bandage on his head
he said that he was going to his
room for a while to finish
his business with his guest Simpson asked
that the quick return to his room and
if not he threatened to jump out of the
window  SIM switched to Hedi's room there was
a homservist who knocked on the door of
his room after opening it turned out that the room
service brought food to
Hedi's room but the room service officer turned out to be in the
wrong room because he was supposed to
bring food to Mrs.
Brontol Caddy's room, surprised because it was
Simpson's last name  it
means that Simpson is also staying at the
hotel knowing that Hedi
immediately told rubianti to look for
Simpson throughout the hotel while
he was already in Simpson's room at
that time Simpson
just asked him to marry him
and he threatened If he refused then
he would kill himself  She refused
Simpson's offer because she didn't want to marry
a man who wanted to commit suicide. She
also said that she was a
call woman who had been in
her profession for two years but
Simpson didn't care about her profession and
then she said that Simpson
was a selfish man because he was willing to
marry  with a woman who has worked
as a prostitute for two years but
she hates her to death with
her fiancé who only had an affair for
seven days with his own uncle and then he
left Simpson and Simpson
chased what came out there.
to his room and there was
a scream accompanied by the sound of broken
glass from inside the room. He didn't then
go inside and they both saw
someone who had been lying on the ground floor
in a condition covered in
GB curtains who was very in love with
him he wanted to kill himself but
Simpson then came
At first they thought that what they
saw earlier was Simpson But it turned out
to be a food trolley brought by
room service which Simpson accidentally hit
when he ran into the room.
short story short, simson is now
in his room accompanied by rubiyanti. Then
there was an incoming call which turned out to
be inch saying  if he is going
back to his house And now he
is at the airport Simpson goes straight
to the airport to catch Ian
there finally he meets an alien
then he gives last words
to Simpson Simpson fake love is
more expensive than pure love note
Hi If you were dark  find your
soul mate Remember marriage is not
just a ceremony but also has to
be a masterpiece
Goodbye Simpson
Hi at the end of the film Simpson is finally
back with his fiancé Hedi and the
film ends okay that was the plot of the
round earth film which can be taken
a lesson that k  we should not
be short-sighted in dealing with
all problems with a partner
should be discussed carefully because it
could be that the problem occurs
just because of a misunderstanding,
love your partner with all your heart, don't
be a selfish man, then you will
find true happiness in
relationships.
in the next movie plot
[Music]